<section id="personal_info">
h1. Xing Zhou 

h4(subheader). xingz (at) andrew (dot) cmu (dot) edu | "Phone":http://www.babble.ly/FN8Q


</section>

<section id="objective">
h1. Objective

</section>

<section id="summary">
h1. Summary

</section>


<section id="experience">
h1. Experience

- Created from scratch the website for "Neighborhood Learning Alliance":nla that is cost-effective and user-friendly :=

  * Used the following technology:
  ** "RefineryCMS":http://www.refinerycms.com/ for simple content management
  ** "Twitter Boostrap":http://twitter.guthub.com/bootstrap/index.html for fast design prototype and consistent styling
  ** "Amazon S3":http://aws.amazon.com/s3/ for hosting static contents
  ** "Heroku":http://www.heroku.com/ for hosting webiste and database (PostgreSQL)
  ** "Github":http://www.github.com/ for hosting codebase VC and documentation

  * "Source Code":https://github.com/nla-pgh/website

[nla]http://www.neighorhoodlearning.org/
=:

</section>

<section id="projects">
h1. Projects

- Chess Bot :=

  Java-based chess bot with implementation of "negaScout":ns, "transposition table":tt, "quiescence search":qs, and other Alpha-Beta pruning techniques.

[ns]http://chessprogramming.wikispaces.com/NegaScout
[tt]http://chessporgramming.wikispaces.com/Transposition+Table
[qs]http://chessprogramming.wikispaces.com/Quiescence+Search
=:

- Seam Carving :=

  Java-based image manipulation application using top-down and bottom-up "dynamic programming":dp techniques.

[dp]http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dynamic_programming
=: 

- Compression :=

  Java-based file compression project using "Huffman encoding":he with the addition of "Burrows-Wheeler":bw and "Move-to-Front":mtf transformations.

[he]http://www.cprogramming.com/tutorial/computersciencetheory/huffman.html
[bw]http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Burrows%E2%80%92Wheeler_transform
[mtf]http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Move-to-front_transform
=:

</section>

<section id="education">
h1. Education

Carngie Mellon University, School of Computer Science
Expected Bachelor of Science in Computer Science, 2015

h2. Relevant Courses

Great Theoretical Ideas in Computer Science
Fundamental Data Structures and Algorithms
Principles of Programming (Funcational Programming)

</section>

<section id="references">
References available upon request.

</section>
